1. A ruby gem is a library that extends the functionality of Ruby beyond the included
standard library of methods. You would use a gem to add features to your code without having to
create a potentially robust set of methods or functions on your own.

2. Eager loading describes an algorithm or other design component of software that loads or readies
every object immediately. Lazy loading defers the load of certain objects until some criteria is met
or need for the object expressed.

3. CREATE TABLE initiates the creation of a new SQL table. This requires us to define columns and their data
types as well as any table constraints, such as a Foreign Key. INSERT INTO is query that adds additional values
to columns in a table.

4. When you use the 'include Class' phrase in the definition of a class, methods from the included class
will be available as instance methods in the new class. Likewise, use of the 'extend Class' will add class
methods to the new class.
Choosing to extend or include a class would be subject to the same criteria as choosing to use an instance
versus a class method. If the methods in the class I was including needed to be available on specific
objects I would use the 'include' syntax, otherwise, for a Class-wide method use, I would use
the 'extend' syntax.

5. Both of these methods need to be called on instances of the objects in question, not the class itself.
Class methods would be inappropriate in this case, because they operate on the entire scope of the class
and not individual instances of it. Because we need to save the instances of these objects to the database,
we need to use instance methods, which will be carried over to the base class by 'including' the Persistence
module.

6. UPDATE characters SET character_name,star_rating WHERE id = (SELECT 1);

7. In order for entries to return something, it must exist. We removed the initializer from address_book.rb that
set entries as an array, so presumably we will replace this with a reference to the database so that any
entries will persist after the program is closed.
